Document Priority Support (#1018)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/support.md

- navigation
---

# General Support

The best way to ask general questions about particular use cases is to email our support team at [support+ci@cirruslabs.org](mailto:support+ci@cirruslabs.org).

> Our support team is trying our best to response ASAP but there is no guarantee on a response time unless your organization enrolls in [Priority Support](#priority-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our support team is trying our best to respond ASAP, but there is no guarantee on a response time unless your organization enrolls in [Priority Support](#priority-support).
```

If you have a feature request or noticed lack of some documentation please feel free to [create a GitHub issue](https://github.com/cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs/issues/new/choose).

> Our support team will answer it by replying to the issue or by updating documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our support team will answer it by replying to the issue or by updating the documentation.
```

|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|-------|-----------------------------------|
| 1        | Emergency (Completely unusable)                                                              | 30 minutes              | 24x7  | Please trigger an urgent issue    |
| 2        | Highly Degraded (Important features unavailable or extremely slow; No acceptable workaround) | 4 hours                 | 24x5  | Please use priority email address |
| 3        | Medium Impact                                                                                | 8 hours                 | 24x5  | Please use priority email address |
| 4        | Low Impact                                                                                   | 24 hours                | 24x5  | Please use priority email address |

`24x5` means period of time from 9AM on Monday till 5PM on Friday in EST timezone.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD037 -->
??? note "Support Impact Definitions"

>     * **Severity 4** - Questions or Clarifications around features or documentation (24 hours) Minimal or no Business Impact. 

Reviewer: Do you think it'd be easier to cross-reference these definition with the table if they'd be in ascending order too?

      Information, an enhancement, or documentation clarification is requested, but there is no impact on the operation of Cirrus CI.
    * **Severity 3** - Something is preventing normal Cirrus CI operation (8 hours) Some Business Impact. Important Cirrus CI
      features are unavailable or somewhat slowed, but a workaround is available. Cirrus CI use has a minor loss of operational functionality.
    * **Severity 2** - Cirrus CI is Highly Degraded (4 hours) Significant Business Impact. Important Cirrus CI features are unavailable
      or extremely slowed, with no acceptable workaround.

>     * **Severity 1** - Cirrus CI is unavailable or completely unusable (30 Minutes). An urgent issue can be filed and

Reviewer: Consider applying DRY to this section (`Support Impact Definitions`):

* skip things like `(4 hours)` and `(30 Minutes)` as they're already documented in the table above
* move short impact explanations (`Cirrus CI is unavailable or completely unusable`) to the table above and only keep the full descriptions here

This will improve reading experience as the user no longer needs to skip over the already learned details.

      our On-Call Support Engineer will respond within 30 minutes. Example: Cirrus CI showing 502 errors for all users.

!!! info "How to submit a priority issue"

>     Once your organization [signs the Priority Support Subscription contract](#how-to-purchase-priority-support-subscription)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once your organization [signs the Priority Support Subscription contract](#how-to-purchase-priority-support-subscription),
```

| 301-500     | $30/seat/month                                                                    | $50/seat/month                                                         |
| 500+        | $15/seat/month                                                                    | $25/seat/month                                                         |

??? info "What is a seat?"
    A seat is a user that initiates CI builds by pushing commits and/or creating pull requests in a **private** repository.
    It can be a real person or a bot. If you are using [Cron Builds](guide/writing-tasks.md#cron-builds) or creating builds through [Cirrus's API](api.md)
    it will be counted as an additional seat (like a bot).

    If you'd like to get a priority support for your public repositories then the amount of seats will be equal to the amount of members in your organization.

## How to purchase Priority Support Subscription

Please email [sales@cirruslabs.org](mailto:sales@cirruslabs.org), so we can get a support contract in addition to [TOC](legal/terms.md).
The contract will contain a special priority email address for your organization and other helpful information. Sales team will

> also schedule a checkin meeting to make sure your engineering team is set for success and Cirrus CI roadmap aligns with your needs.

Reviewer: Not sure about this one, but if this is correct, it's probably a good idea to check other places with the `checkin` usage in the document too.

```suggestion
also schedule a check-in meeting to make sure your engineering team is set for success and Cirrus CI roadmap aligns with your needs.
```

    * **Severity 2** - Cirrus CI is Highly Degraded Significant Business Impact. Important Cirrus CI features are unavailable
      or extremely slowed, with no acceptable workaround.
    * **Severity 3** - Something is preventing normal Cirrus CI operation Some Business Impact. Important Cirrus CI
      features are unavailable or somewhat slowed, but a workaround is available. Cirrus CI use has a minor loss of operational functionality.
    * **Severity 4** - Questions or Clarifications around features or documentation Minimal or no Business Impact. 
      Information, an enhancement, or documentation clarification is requested, but there is no impact on the operation of Cirrus CI.

!!! info "How to submit a priority or an urgent issue"
    Once your organization [signs the Priority Support Subscription contract](#how-to-purchase-priority-support-subscription),
    members of your organization will get access to separate support emails specified in your subscription contract.

## Priority Support Pricing

As a company grows, engineering team tend to accumulate knowledge operating and working with Cirrus CI,

> therefore there is less need of "support effort per new seat" from our side. In addition, Cirrus CI allows to [bring your own infrastructure](guide/supported-computing-services.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
therefore there is less effort needed to support each new seat from our side. In addition, Cirrus CI allows to [bring your own infrastructure](guide/supported-computing-services.md)
```

> which increases complexity of the support. As a result we reflected the above challenges in a progressive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which increases complexity of the support. As a result, we reflected the above challenges in a regressive
```

pricing model based on a seat amount and a type of infrastructure used:

| Seat Amount | Only [managed by us instance types](guide/writing-tasks.md#execution-environment) | [Bring your own infrastructure](guide/supported-computing-services.md) |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 20-100      | $60/seat/month                                                                    | $100/seat/month                                                        |
| 101-300     | $45/seat/month                                                                    | $75/seat/month                                                         |
| 301-500     | $30/seat/month                                                                    | $50/seat/month                                                         |
| 500+        | $15/seat/month                                                                    | $25/seat/month                                                         |

> Note that Priority Support Subscription starts from a minimum of 20 seats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Priority Support Subscription requires a purchase of a minimum of 20 seats even if some of them will be unused.
```
